Revamp documentation (#48)
movie-web/providers: .docs/content/2.essentials/0.usage-on-x.md

# How to use on X

The library can run in many environments, so it can be tricky to figure out how to set it up.

So here is a checklist, for more specific environments, keep reading below:
 - When requests are very restricted (like browser client-side). Configure a proxied fetcher.
 - When your requests come from the same device it will be streamed on (Not compatible with proxied fetcher). Set `consistentIpForRequests: true`.
 - To set a target. Consult [Targets](./1.targets.md).

To make use of the examples below, You check check out the following pages:
 - [Quick start](../1.get-started/1.quick-start.md)
 - [Using streams](../2.essentials/4.using-streams.md)

## NodeJs server
```ts
import { makeProviders, makeStandardFetcher, targets } from '@movie-web/providers';

const providers = makeProviders({
  fetcher: makeStandardFetcher(fetch),
  target: chooseYourself, // check out https://providers.docs.movie-web.app/essentials/targets
})
```

## Browser client-side

> Doing client-side usage of the provider package requires a hosted version of simple-proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the provider package client-side requires a hosted version of simple-proxy.
```
